And you lost video you learn how to create a node.
Give it a shape color and position relative to your starting position.
The world origin in this video we're going to look at resetting a scene view session and next code change
this back to 0 0 and negative 0.3 run up.
And you've seen this before.
It's aligned horizontally and vertically since you set the x and y fields as 0 but it's seven point
three meters away from these because the world origin behind it.
You've probably noticed that if you keep pressing and over and over nothing happens well that makes
sense since you're always adding the box in the same position every time.
So you are indeed adding a box every time it just doesn't look like anything is happening since it's
always in the same position.
Now what if I wanted the box to be positioned somewhere else.
The box is positioned relative to the origin so that would mean that I would have to change the position
of the world origin.
But how do you change your starting position.
That's where you started it.
Right.
While the answer is that you reset the scene view session such that it detects a new starting position.
So in your storyboard I had a button right button put it to the bottom right of your view controller
pinnate twenty pixels from the bottom space and 20 pixels from your trailing space.
Give it a what and height of 80 pixels.
Add the four constraints.
Go to your attributes and Specter and give the board a background color of orange or whatever color
you like it's up to you call this but unresearched
open up the assistant editor and link the reset button with an IAB action.
Here the controller called the IAB action reset connect and close the assistant editor back to your
Wii controller.
Every time we press reset first we have to pause the session saurus self the scene view that session
that pause or you know what.
Instead of having this in the Reset IAB action we're going to make a separate function for it.
So right phunk restart session but no argument type and no return value.
And then just call a restart session and reset.
So now every time you press reset this function gets triggered.
And inside this function we're going to pause the scene view session.
So self does seem scene view that session.
Pause.
So when you pause the session it stops keeping track of your position or orientation.
Now remove the box from the scene view by writing self that scene view that scene dot root node dot
a numeric child nodes put the first argument as node and the second argument.
Just leave it blank.
We're not going to use it for now.
OK.
Now I explained before that node is a child of the root node.
You can even see it right here root root node child node node.
So we're enumerating through every single child node of the root node the box node being one of them.
And so the box node is what we're going to remove from the parent node.
So right node remove from parent node by removing the box from the root node or its parent node we're
removing it from the scene view.
Now that we've got rid of the box rerun the session such that it has the same configuration.
So self does scene view that session run configuration.
As for the options however we're going to have the scene such that it resets tracking so it would forget
about your old starting position and make a new one based on where you are at the moment.
And we're going to remove existing anchors.
And the reason this isn't working is because it should be inside of an ear right.
So autocomplete should work now to remove existing anchors which makes sense because this is a collection
of things an array is a collection type.
But anyway remove existing anchors and anchor is simply information of the position and orientation
of an object in the scene view.
We're removing all of that information as well and starting from scratch.
So run the app press add it gives you a box walk away from the origin reset give the device time to
reestablish its surroundings add a box again and it shows up in a new position.
Since our starting position changed so the box is positioning itself relative to a new starting origin
and the next video we're going to customize our box and place it in random locations instead of just
one.